Tigers have had what he would she show
well today's my take off and we have the
retinol Chetty in the house hi guys
he is from Venice and he's gonna show us
how to make meatballs with spaghetti
Venice Italy not California we're gonna
cut breathing in the parsley duster in
the bowl the person the fresh money just
cut it bit of bread crumbs there is
important not too much at first time
we're gonna take some fresh Parmesan
Reggiano
right inside just make some flavor that
use your hand don't be shy and so our
meat is calling for some more crap -
just a little bit more Bowl not that
much not really in Italy in Venice we
serve this meatballs with potatoes just
coconut potatoes or polenta today we're
gonna make like any American Italian
dish so we are cooking the sauce and
then serve with spaghetti when it come
to Italy is not so common strictly we go
with the tomato sauce
nice is well boiling so you just gonna
put the meatball inside just like the
air inside the muscles you have to glide
around 60 minutes 20 minutes depends on
the size limit but this should be around
15 minutes
so we're ready and we're gonna serve our
spaghetti you know
nice and be Y bow be generous with your
friends so for or even better five
meatballs so tomato sauce on the thought
of the our spaghetti meatballs already
it has been a season it at the end with
some nice parmesan on the top color